Title: DjangoCon is still alive?
Author: Marc
Date: 2008-07-29 19:15:00
Slug: djangocon-is-still-alive
Tags: Django

On July 13th, DjangoCon 2008 was announced, and the illusion and nervousness started for many djangonauts. The main problem here, is that due to the lack of time and experience, the number of attendees is limited to 200. That makes sense, but there are other things that doesn't make sense to me. This post is about that, and it's intended to be a kind of constructive criticism.<br/><br/>The fact is that many people is waiting to know if he/she can get a ticket to  start planning the trip to SF, ans specially to purchase flight tickets. In those two weeks since DjangoCon announcement, flight prices from Barcelona to SF have increased in a 30%. I don't think it's the only case.<br/><br/>My question is...  It is so difficult to develop and run an application to register users, letting many djangonauts to save some money that could be given to the DSF? :) Are you coding it in PHP? ;)<br/><br/>Seriously, if you need help, just ask for it, we are a community. But please, stop delaying ticket releasing, we have to get our tickets, make our plans, and we don't want to waste our money getting last time flight tickets. IMHO ticket realising should be priority #1.<br/><br/>Finally I want to comment something else here in my blog, that previously submitted to DjangoCon organization. Program isn't closed, and probably this is planned and will be added later, but don't you think that BoF sessions are a must in the DjangoCon? I think that we should take profit of being all togheter, to discuss freely any subject about Django, or any related topic.